Get rid of small Souls
A modifcation for Oblivion with patch 1.2.0416 by Laulajatar.
Version 1.0


Description
-----------

This mod allows you to remove souls from soul gems. Right clicking on any soul gem in your inventory opens a container. Drop the soul gems you want to empty in there, close your inventory and wait a moment. You will recieve empty soul gems. 
This works with pre-filled gems as well, so if you find that grand soul gem with a petty soul inside, just get rid of that junk!

On the other hand, you have an empty soul gem and catch a grand soul, and the price doesn't change? No more! Now you can convert the soul gems you just filled to the pre-filled ones found in the Construction Set. 

An optional file is available, meant to be merged into the bashed patch (though it can be used without the bashed patch, if you have nothing that changes soul gem graphics). It will change the prices of the pre-filled soul gems to be price of empty gem + price of soul. This will make buying pre-filled ones less exploitable (a grand soul gem with petty soul would cost 40 before, now 240), but also give guaranteed profit by selling filled gems vs empty gems (empty petty gem sells for 10, filled petty gem sells for 50).



Known Issues
------------

If you use this mod's convert function on soul gems from mods, they will be converted to vanilla ones. 
When emptying a mod added soul gem that is pre-filled, it will be converted into a vanilla one as well.
Best advice, if you have a super pretty soul gem you'd hate to lose, don't use this mod on it.

If you know any mods that add special soul gems, please let me know, so I can add exceptions. 



Requirements
------------

This mod requires the Oblivion Script Extender (OBSE)
https://obse.silverlock.org/



Installation
------------

Copy the contents of the archive into the Oblivion\Data Folder.
Activate the .esp(s) in a game launcher of your choice.



Uninstallation
--------------
This mod will not store anything in your savegame, it can be uninstalled at any time. 



Changelog
---------

Version 1.0
Release 

Version 1.1
Fixed emptying of black soul gems
