A Rainbow of Treasure - New Gems & Gem Dust
A modifcation for Oblivion with patch 1.2.0416 by Laulajatar.
Requires OBSE & Shivering Isles
Version 1.0

Description
-----------

This mod adds 7 new gems in 3 different qualities to the game: 
Amethyst, purple
Aquamarine, light blue
Citrine, yellow
Onyx, black
Peridot, light green
Spinel, pink
Tourmaline, turquoise

If you own a mortar and pestle you can grind all new and vanilla gems, as well as pearls, to dust by right clicking on a gem in your inventory. A container will open, you place the gems inside, close it and receive your dust. Yes, your novice mortar and pestle is strong enough to grind diamonds. It's magic.
Gem dust has different alchemical uses, pearl dust only offers water breathing.
Low quality gems will give 1 dust, medium quality gems will give 2 dust and high quality gems will give 3 dust. Depending on the quality of your tool, there is a small chance to recieve bonus dust. 

Gem qualities have been normalized and renamed: Tiny, Rough and Flawless. All gem leveled lists for loot have been unlevelled. Some merchants selling ingredients have a chance of selling gemdust.

There is a small chance to find gems in silver and gold veins, and both types of veins now respawn. 
Since there is now a (small) use for pearls, clams respawn as well. 

Lastly, many gems have been placed throughout the world, so they aren't just found in chests and loot.



Known Issues/Compatibility
--------------------------

Grinding only works with vanilla gems and gems added by this mod. 
Compatibility with other mods is possible in the future, but not a high priority, as other mods I know of offer their own grinding mechanic.

Gems have been placed all over the world, both in interiors and exteriors, so there is a possibility of minor conflicts. Let me know if you find any. I checked against Unique Landscapes and Better Dungeons. 

I'd suggest loading this mod after any mods that change the loot leveled lists (i.e. mostly overhauls). The use of a bashed patch to merge leveled lists is strongly encouraged. 

Except: Do NOT load this after Maskar's Oblivion Overhaul. Load order with MOO doesn't matter, but this mod should be BEFORE the bashed patch. 




Install
-------

Drop lNewGems.esp and lNewGems.bsa in your data folder. 
I suggest using a mod manager for this. Wrye Bash is my one true love.
Rebuild your Bashed Patch if using (if not.. why?) to merge the leveled lists.



Uninstall
---------

Remove the files associated with this mod. 



Permission
----------

If you want to use those gems in your own mod, you need to use the meshes & textures from my resource upload which has different file paths.



Version History
---------------

1.0
Initial Release
